_pages/1_about.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: About Vishal
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/image-home-page-Atmospheric_Re-entry_Demonstrator.jpg
  caption: "Photo credit: [European Space Agency](https://www.esa.int/)"
permalink: /about/
author_profile: true
---
I have a diverse professional experience in research, analytics and management. I transitioned from analytics role in financial sector to a research scientist and a developer in Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) for aerospace applications.

If you are someone who is interested in knowing more about my research, or want to invite me for a seminar talk, or if you are interested in research collaborations, please feel free to contact me through email, Twitter or LinkedIn links provided on my [homepage](/home/).
{: .notice--info}

I am offering freelancing services in CFD and Data Analytics. Having worked at two different multi-national banks in India and at Aerospace research labs in USA, I can offer a wide range of skills and tools, and help you scale and streamline your business requirements.

Alongside, I am working on computational modeling and investigation of non-equilibrium thermo-chemical environment that occurs during atmospheric-entry of space capsules. I am passionate about Python programming.

I completed my Ph.D. in Aerospace Engineering from Wichita State University, Wichita, KS, USA. My Ph.D. research was focused on investigating efficient numerical methods to computationally simulate the propagation of electromagnetic waves for aerospace applications. I earned my Master degree in Automobile Engineering from Amity University, Noida, India and Bachelor degree in Mechanical Engineering from RGPV, Bhopal, India. For more details, check out my [Resume](/resume/) and [Research](/research/) pages.

Commit message:

updated about page
1. added links to my resume and projects (research) webpages.

2. removed some text about my education.

_pages/1_about.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: About Vishal
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/image-home-page-Atmospheric_Re-entry_Demonstrator.jpg
  caption: "Photo credit: [European Space Agency](https://www.esa.int/)"
permalink: /about/
author_profile: true
---
I have a diverse professional experience in research, analytics and management. I transitioned from analytics role in financial sector to a research scientist and a developer in Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) for aerospace applications.  

Download my resume from this [webpage](/resume/).  

See the list of my projects on [Project](/research) webpage.  

Interested in knowing more about my research or looking for collaborations? Please feel free to contact me through email, Twitter or LinkedIn links provided on my [homepage](/home/).
{: .notice--info}

I am offering freelancing services in CFD and Data Analytics. Having worked at two different multi-national banks in India and at Aerospace research labs in USA, I can offer a wide range of skills and tools, and help you scale and streamline your business requirements.  

Alongside, I am working on computational modeling and investigation of non-equilibrium thermo-chemical environment that occurs during atmospheric-entry of space capsules.  

I love writing Python codes.
