---
layout: page
---

Postdoctoral Researcher Associate
Company NameTexas A&M University Full-time
Dates EmployedJun 2020 – Sep 2020
Employment Duration4 mos
LocationCollege Station, Texas, United States
• Responsible for lab budgeting, project planning, creating reports, maintain data output files for all the research conducted at the lab
• Contributed to the development and analysis of a functional feature in the computer codes to solve an engineering research problem.
• Utilized cell-centered finite volume method and Scharfetter-Gummel discretization for the modeling of laminar hypersonic weakly ionized flow over airfoils.
• Prepared a user manual documentation for computer application
• Worked closely with the funding organization to identify new research opportunities based on existing research data


TitleResearch Assistant
Dates EmployedAug 2016 – May 2020
Employment Duration3 yrs 10 mos
LocationWichita, Kansas Area
• Developed scripts in Python to perform scientific research by implementing mathematical, statistical, and machine learning methods and using NumPy, SciPy, and Pandas packages.
• Responsible for research project planning and execution, collecting data to prepare grant proposals for funding, identifying new research opportunities, and maintaining lab records and data
• Presented research data at seminars and conferences
• Developed a numerical algorithm for the solution of governing first-order, linear, hyperbolic partial differential equations in two and three dimensions using higher-order finite difference method, and Fast Fourier Transform.
• Developed and validated a computer solver for the investigation of electromagnetic wave interaction with linear, isotropic, dispersive, and non-dispersive media.
• Developed subroutines for generating structured, non-uniform meshes for canonical geometries.
• Performed grid convergence analysis, error analysis, and transient analysis for the developed numerical algorithm.
• Automated the process of data visualization using Python Matplotlib, Numpy packages and saved 25 weekly work hours of the research lab
• Implemented the total field-scattered field computation module to simulate far-field scattering phenomena.
• Investigated the interaction of electromagnetic waves with biological materials for applications in cancer therapy using the developed numerical algorithm.
• Created test plans for conducting numerical experiments, documented test results/reports, and presented them to the Principal Investigator on a weekly basis.
• Developed graphical user interface (GUI) using the Tkinter library in Python for the in-house developed scientific solver.
• Used Tecplot and Paraview software for scientific data visualization and additionally, developed scripts in Python for creating scientific graphs.
• Performed code troubleshooting and code debugging to resolve technical issues during solver development

Summer Intern- Quality Engineer
Company NameTata Motors
Dates EmployedMay 2013 – Jul 2013
Employment Duration3 mos
LocationAhmedabad Area, India
• Implemented Statistical Process Control method for quality control of flush and gap in outer body panels at Press Shop;
• Inspected vendor’s plant daily and performed fishbone analysis to identify sources of defects in coil blanks for outer car bodies.
• Identified and mitigated various defects up to 90% in incoming skin panel coil blanks being supplied to Press Shop by vendors;
• Prepared detailed inspection reports and documentation for submission to the Quality Control department


